Rename Parathreads -> On-demand Parachains (#5858)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-architecture.md

architectures that are not necessarily blockchain in nature.

{{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} provides many ways to secure a slot
for a parachain for a particular length of time. On-demand parachains share slots with other

> parachains. Permanent and on-demand parachains have the same API; their difference is economic.

Reviewer: There is no guarantee they are going to be permanent. Even the lease currently can be for a macximum duration of 2 years. We can refer to the parachains with bulk coretime as "regular" chanis or just parachains.

```suggestion
parachains. Both regular and on-demand parachains have the same API; their difference is economic.
```
